FIX compute `y_std` properly with multi-target in GPR (#20761)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.0.rst

  :func:`~sklearn.utils.check_array` in 1.0 and will raise a `TypeError` in
  1.2. :pr:`20165` by `Thomas Fan`_.

> :mod:`sklearn.gaussian_process`
> .........................

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:mod:`sklearn.gaussian_process`
...............................
```

Reviewer: We will let this entry here for the moment but we will have to move it in a section 1.0.1 most probably.

> - |Fix| Compute 'y_std' properly with multi-target in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |Fix| Compute `y_std` properly with multi-target in
```
